# _TorchLite Tutorial #1._ What is TorchLite, TorchLite overview

## What is TorchLite

TorchLite is an educational machine learning and linear algebra library, disigned to be lightweight, simple and PyTorch-like.

__What TorchLite is:__

* Machine learning and linear algebra library for educational purposes
* Code base (How-to-compute tutorial)
* Good first machine learning and linear algebra library

__What TorchLite is NOT:__

* High performance library
* Instrument for industrial development

## TorchLite overview

TorchLite is an library, designed to be PyTorch-like and .NET-styled, so PyTorch and TorchLite API are not fully compatible, but very similar. For example, in PyTorch we have `torch.no_grad()` method as context manager getter, but in TorchLite we have `torchlite.no_grad` readonly property as context manager getter. TorchLite is designed from scratch, so there are no any legacy features as in PyTorch. TorchLite doesn's use dynamic typization, so there are some features in API usage.

TorchLite is consists of several modules, presented by static classes:

* torchlite
* torchlite.nn
* torchlite.nn.functional
* torchlite.utils.data
* litevision
* litevision.models
* litevision.datasets
* litevision.transforms

TorchLite supports tensors (and storages) of float32(System.Single), int32(System.Int32) and bool(System.Boolean) data types. Tensors may have up to 8 dimensions (0-dim tensors are also possible).

# [_TorchLite Tutorial #2._ torchlite module. Data types. Storages](https://github.com/ColorfulSoft/TorchLite/blob/main/Tutorial/2.md)
